To map the hole for myself I start with Walden, by Henry David Thoreau, an exemplar of American Religion of self-reliance (Bloom on Emerson), given over to the god-in-me (the giant, higher being, daimon). Let Thoreau labor as a persona of concept avatar for now. It could be any work, for if flash reason is any good it must cover any work in any medium. Thoreau descends, in this instance. I start here because it is this classic that gives me access to my fetish, the attractor configuring hole for me. The starting point may be motivated or random. The motivation need be nothing more than the fact that I cannot forget Thoreau; that Walden persists with a vividness in memory. It is a mnemonic strange attractor. I want to inquire into the organizing operations of this attractor, of its ability to live on, to stimulate the imagination into our own time. What might be learned from the force of this one work about writing as living? The future that interests me is not just that of Walden, but of literature and even of literacy as such, since this archive is what concept avatar relates. I confess to mourning literacy. Mourning: the psychodynamics of separating from a nurturing surround, relinquishing this provider at the material level but internalizing, introjecting it, while gaining in exchange for the material loss the symbolic power of a new language. Concept avatar mediates the transition. My method is the remake: to remake Walden in an electronic version. The version I am talking about now is not in one medium or the other, but is an encounter, a mode of reasoning into which this mourning introduces me. The form is the take, and the method is the fetish, the fantasy. To justify and rationalize this combination is beyond me. The Walden ratio. I leave it to the diadochi. An inadequate substitute for the institution that it would be necessary to establish is the inference that might be drawn from my desire to locate materially, to localize, the emotion, or more deeply, the mood, that the pond in Walden Woods reveals to me as fantasy: not Thoreau’s mood, but my own, and the persona of sage. I want to learn how to use this feeling as a mode of research. Or, as Proust put it in Time Regained, the motivation to write his novel was the need to be able to think what he had felt in living.